Hear what is up guys and what KMAX are now in this video we will be working up a Web ad management website
or a classified Web site so if we just go to like Gumtree it's OK.
We just come here and just we just go ahead and we hit enter so you can see this Gumtree is basically
like an ad management website for you can just post your ads and then we can the surge and then they
can just see OK this is the.
Ok cool.
They looked around the images and then they can see that this is the category of dad and then this is
the description and then this will be like the user information as well.
So he can just conduct them and then he can say OK you're just supposed to do an ad on Gumtree.
I just saw it.
Is it still available.
Can I buy it as the price negotiate.
So this is like that.
We want to build a Web site like that.
And in this video we're able to up at that so let's get started.
First of all I have to just enter this site title so it is going to be like
classified website OK.
And then you have to enter your username
and then you have to enter your password
and then the e-mail address.
Just it install a word press and it can see the word press should be installed.
I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to log in and you can see this board is here and it's going to go
hit and I'm going to enter my log in details right now.
Now let's just log in so you can see that I am in here and now here we have to work of say what we should
do to get started.
First of all we have to just come here and we have to just come here to the permalink right now and
then we have to select the post name and then we have to just sit safe genius and he can see that we
are done OK and then we need a specific team that we can install here.
And then we can argue that he can see this is normal and say OK this team is a bit much costly OK this
team is very much CAUSLEY So if you want it if if a client say that they want then they need an add
management functionality into their website or something like that and then you can move on.
So I'm just telling you this just because you can just create it.
That is why I just thought why not just add it.
So this team is a bit costly.
This team will cost you like Athina sorry $69.
This team is class-C press OK.
This is the one you just open this up.
You just search for classy presidency's WordPress classified ads thing.
So this is how the team works.
You can see everything is here.
It has multiple pricing mode custom fields and farm membership packs.
OK.
And it has the custom add management fully customizable auto complete to just social networks log in
and everything so it has so much of things that you can add.
OK.
But the team is a bit costly You can see 69 bucks for this is the lifetime license.
And unlimited websites to help and support.
OK.
And this which you have to buy it for just one time.
And then you can just uploaded any viewer any viewer you want.
OK.
So this is how you can work with it.
And if you just go to themes right now you can see it has so many themes it has like Vin van daj it
has clipper.
It has higher b.
Ok so this is like a freelancer based.
OK.
So you can just work that is I'm just telling you about this at times.
You can just go with the business directory.
You can go with a coupon Beeld based Web site.
OK.
You can also add a job based website a micro job WordPress team.
And a freelancer and pristine where people can hire each other so you can choose the team and these
team over again.
Amazing.
So I'll be just moving on with this team you can see classified ads team.
It's easy to set up and everything she just said by now and then you have to just buy this team.
And after you buy it you have to just skim here.
And then you have to upload it.
I'm just going to go to dashboard right now and then I'm going to try to upload it.
So let's just come here and let's just go to the plug ins sorry the themes and then let's go to the
teams right now.
So here we have to just click Add new and in here it'll take us to there and we have to upload the team
let's just choose the file.
It should be in the desktop.
OK.
We want to go down go down till I find this so
it is uploaded on my desktop I just cannot see it.
Classy classy press OK.
It is not coming.
OK.
I just got fed it.
So this is right here.
I'm just going to drag it frayed here.
This is here I'm just going to come here now.
And then here I'm going to upload it to.
Let's just choose File let's just slide this and let's just search for classy press.
This is right here.
I'm not going to upload it and then I'm going to install now.
So you can see this team is being installed right now.
And after this is installed you can work with it.
So if you do not if you just want to learn it then please guys don't just invest in it because this
is just for testing purposes.
And I just wanted to show you that you can't even create this Web site.
So if a client comes to you and he sees that he needs a basic type of ad management web site then you
can buy the team for him and he can tell him that we need to add more functionalities.
And that is why we want to add this.
But if Klein doesn't say anything and he does just need a simple say then do not go with that and I
buy this because this is not worth it.
Basically if you're doing it for yourself or if you have a project like this or if you need to submit
a project for your university or something like that then you can move on with this.
But otherwise I would recommend you not to do that so that you can see this is pretty well it's going
to show the random ads and essays says it is the default created ads.
If you just go to my first classified ads you can see how this is looking I say is this street city
state country is it listed and expires.
And here is a description.
So here's everything.
And if I just come here to Boston and you can see I can just come here and I can even create a listing.
Here is the terms and conditions and everything.
And here is the cost per listing.
You can just select one so I can add free listing you can make for your listing based website and then
you can make it famous So once it gets famous you can also put your ad and you can earn money if you
are planning to basically earn money with this type of website.
Then do go ahead.
Do go ahead create your.
Even if you have something like a big company you are and then you want to create an ad management based
Web site so you can just like be like ads darte big company dord gone so big company big company will
be your big company domain name that is look like the famous most famous domain name.
What does the hype or domain name.
So then you can just get a lot of traffic with that so you can just do that if you want to.
OK so you can see this is the Web site that is already here by just installing the team.
So in the next video you'll be working in this field be working that how everything will work.
How can we make everything looks amazing.
You can see my ads.
This ad is sold or not in everything.
So in the next video been working on that and it is so amazing guys so stadium guys and Bebai.